Support JAX in Kueue using training-operator 1.9 (#4613)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/run/kubeflow/jaxjobs.md

Reviewer: Please also update this table

https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/blob/919b0301e4f66b6df36da0cc54e2116047307319/site/content/en/docs/overview/_index.md?plain=1#L39

---
title: "Run a JAXJob"
date: 2025-04-23
weight: 6
description: >
  Run a Kueue scheduled JAXJob
---

> This page shows how to leverage Kueue's scheduling and resource management capabilities when running [Training Operator](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/training/jax/) JAXJobs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page shows how to leverage Kueue's scheduling and resource management capabilities when running [Trainer](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/training/jax/) JAXJobs.
```

The training-operator was rebranded as `trainer`. So, could you replace all with `trainer` in this doc?

This guide is for [batch users](/docs/tasks#batch-user) that have a basic understanding of Kueue. For more information, see [Kueue's overview](/docs/overview).

## Before you begin

Check [administer cluster quotas](/docs/tasks/manage/administer_cluster_quotas) for details on the initial cluster setup.

Check [the Trainer installation guide](https://github.com/kubeflow/training-operator#installation).

> Note that the minimum requirement training-operator version is v1.9.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the minimum requirement trainer version is v1.9.0.
```

nit
